# Police-Data-Accessibility-Project
## Database team

### 5/31/2020 first meeting notes

#### Action items

Action items / Next steps

example:
[] item1(name) : goose(owner)


[] Schedule cross team meeting - data + scrapers : Nick Frost
[] High level architectural diag. : Sid
[] Research data landing zones : Goose


#### Kick off agenda

Intro's and skillsets

    * Who's taking notes? Goose
    * Who's taking official roll call? Goose


High level architectural discussion


#### Notes

1. Intros and skillsets

    Goose intro:
        10 years in IT. Sysadmin, architect. 

    Austin:
        Sr at uni experience with RDBMS, scraping, data analysis, ML
        Skils: Focus on data transformation and RDBMS

    Blake:
        Marketing strategist. Dataviz. SQL. PM interfacing with Data eng, business, users.

    JoGood:

    JoshL:
        Leading operations team
        6 yrs backend, full stack, K8s,

    Nick Frost:
        Product team lead.
        Web developer. Consultant. Full stack internal. 
        PHP, C#, Java. Rust, Go. Data design and archit.

    Shredinger:
        Casey-roller derby!
        web developer. JS, APIs, DBs, physics. Data modeling and abstraction. Devops

    Sid:
        Consulting, engineering background at uni (chem and petrol), wide range of skillsets and knowledge.
        Data modeling. SQL server, python. Azure DF, Blobs, etc..

    Watchman:
        Software developer. > 15 years. Architecture, front-end, backend. C++, JS, PostGres. Kafka. 

2. Incoming data streams

    a. Content of data (fields and types)

    b. Speed and size of data

    c. Delivery medium (integration with scraping layer)

    d. Real-time? Manual data entry?

3. High-level data architecture

    Consensus on roughly 3-tiered architecture? (data lake for raw data ingest, ETL transformations, and data warehouse for modeling and delivery)

4. Roles and responsibility

5. What does an MVP look like?

    "Our product is a consolidated, publicly available library of law enforcement related records. 
    Our goal is to ease data consumption, facilitate open source software analytics, and provide an 
    interface for reporting and analysis of law enforcement activity. Our product will be made 
    publicly available, free of charge."

6. Funding

7. Technology

    Cloud hosting
    Tools (db, etl, orchestration, etc)


#### Contd...

What do we want to store, what do we think should be shared?

Need to be cognizant of what and how we are storing from a legal perspective in regards to our 501c3/4.

Raw data lake with unprocessed data will have limited access. Curated data without PII should be abstracted before allowing public consumption.


Personas?
* seeking raw data
* seeking visuals, a curated story
* May need to define personas more clearly

If records are updated, how do we account for that in the data sets?
* What if a record is updated? What if the update changes the outcome of the case?

Nick: update and synch seems important in his purview.

Seems premature to discuss roles and respon. at this time.

Meeting logistics: Nothing formalized yet. Zoom is $15 per mo. for meetings over 40 min.

Google meet? Gmail business?

**Jitsi.org**

Group logistics for meetings?
    Calendi






